PM-33385 - Craft a multi-agent code review (#96)
bitwarden/ai-plugins: plugins/bitwarden-code-review/skills/performing-multi-agent-code-review/references/evaluation-standards.md

Author: As noted in the pull request description, these standards are intentionally different because of the depth of work being done by the subagents.  The intention is that we don't surface noise to engineers, but real signals of problems. I feel strongly that humans should be relied upon for suggestions and nit-picks. Claude should stay in this lane IMO.

Reviewer: <img width="46" height="42" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4a2f64ee-7dca-4b33-9cf1-2c10db20af14" />

Author: Happy to chat in a thread about my perspective and why I cut out all suggestions in this suggested skill.

# Evaluation Standards

Loaded by the orchestrator in Step 1. **Severity Levels**, **Do Not Flag**, and **Confidence Scoring** below are propagated verbatim into every Step 2–5 subagent prompt. The **Finding Shape** schema lives in `finding-shape.md` and is propagated the same way.

## Severity Levels

Every finding must be assigned one of the following. Do not guess — apply these definitions literally.

- 🛑 **Blocker** — Will cause a production failure, data loss, or security breach.
- ⚠️ **Important** — A real bug or significant risk that is likely to be hit in practice.
- ♻️ **Refactor** — True technical debt being created that will cost more to maintain over time, even if it doesn't cause immediate problems. Must cite concrete evidence — duplication of an existing pattern, violation of a documented convention, or a measurable structural improvement. If the rationale can't be made concrete, it isn't a finding.

There is no "suggestion" or other lower tier. Findings that don't clear the Refactor bar are not findings.

## Do Not Flag

The following are not valid findings under any tier. Subagents must not emit them, and Step 5 dismisses any that slip through.

> - Code style or quality concerns absent a documented project rule.

Reviewer: ❓ This stands out to me for some reason. Could we be a little more specific in where the Agent should look for rules? My concern is the agent either doing unnecessarily broad exploration of the project or missing docs if it assumes "documented" means "in this Skill markdown".

Author: Agree that this is too generic. 
Thoughts?
 
```suggestion
Code style or quality concerns absent a rule documented in the repo's CLAUDE.md, README.md, or CONTRIBUTING.md.
```

Author: Addressed  in a5689a5835a1c6e4d1bd5e92a85fe0db024cae1e

- Subjective suggestions or improvements — "could be cleaner", "consider doing X", "this might be simpler".
- Pedantic nit-picks a senior engineer would not raise in code review.
- Issues a linter would catch.
- Speculative issues that depend on specific inputs or runtime state without evidence those inputs occur in practice.
- Pre-existing issues not introduced or worsened by this change.

> ## Confidence Scoring

Author: I have found good success with providing Claude with a scale that has concrete descriptions of what is and is not considered a confident finding.
